---
layout:        post
title:         "Quantum Zeno Effect"
date:          2018-05-09
author:        "Author"
header-img:    "img/mypic1.jpg"
tags:          Quantum
categories:    Quantum
---

<head>
		<meta charset=utf-8>
		<title>My first three.js app</title>
		<style>
			body {margin:0}
			canvas {width:100%; height: 100%}
		</style>
	</head>
	<body>
		<script src = "../build/three.min.js"> </script>
		<script>
			//Javascript goes here.
			var camera, scene, renderer;
			var geometry, material, mesh;
			init();
			animate();
			function init() {
			camera = new THREE.PerspectiveCamera( 70, window.innerWidth / window.innerHeight, 0.01, 10 );
			camera.position.z = 1;
			scene = new THREE.Scene();
			geometry = new THREE.BoxGeometry( 0.2, 0.2, 0.2 );
			material = new THREE.MeshNormalMaterial();
			mesh = new THREE.Mesh( geometry, material );
			scene.add( mesh );
			renderer = new THREE.WebGLRenderer( { antialias: true } );
			renderer.setSize( window.innerWidth, window.innerHeight );
			document.body.appendChild( renderer.domElement );
			}
			function animate() {
			requestAnimationFrame( animate );
			mesh.rotation.x += 0.01;
			mesh.rotation.y += 0.02;
			renderer.render( scene, camera );
			}
		</script>
	
	</body>


# Quantum Zeno Effect

## History

In ancient Greek, a philosopher named Zeno asked the question that if at every moment, an arrow occupies a space just its own size, or still at each instant, then how can this arrow be moving in space from one point to another? This question is famously known as Zeno's arrow paradox, discussed by Aristotle in {\em Physics}, challenging the existance of motion.

We now know that this paradox has been solved very well owing to the development of calculus and classical mechanics. Zeno's problem is that he confused the concepts of `occuping a space' and `rest'. `Occuping an space' implies neither `rest' nor `moving'.  It is possible that an object `occuping a space' the same time `moving' with an instananeous velocity. Velocity is the deriative of displacement to time, not displacement itself, they are different concepts.

But, this is only the case in classical world. In quantum world, when it goes to the evolution of a quantum system, this kind of paradox confuses us again, how can a system evolves if it is in the same state every time we observe it. Since it has almost the same logic as Zeno's arrow paradox, we give it name Quantum Zeno Effect(QZE). 
